add notes for v25rc-testing (#681)
bitcoin-core-review-club/website: _posts/2023-05-24-v25-rc-testing.md

  essential that the rcs are thoroughly tested. This special review club
  meeting is for people who want to help with that vital review process.

- This [Bitcoin Core Release Candidate Testing
  Guide](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-devwiki/wiki/25.0-Release-Candidate-Testing-Guide) provides guidance for testing the release candidate.

>   - It is recommended to go through the "Preparation" steps ahead of the meeting, especially if you want to compile from source.
> 
>   - Verify and confirm the successful installation of v25rc2.

Reviewer: These feel like they're talking about the same thing, so would just merge?
```suggestion
  - It is recommended to go through the "Preparation" steps ahead of the meeting, especially if you want to compile from source. Verify and confirm the successful installation of v25rc2.
```

Author: Updated :+1:

  - The testing guide relies on the tools `jq` which are not installed by default on each platform. For example on macOS, you can install these ahead of time using `brew install`. Alternatively, you can also modify the instructions to avoid using these tools as they are not strictly necessary and/or can be replaced by other tools.

>   - For some of the tests, you might want to have the signet network fully synced beforehand, so that you will just copy the signet directory into  `/tmp/25-rc-test/` see [signet](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Signet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For some of the tests, you might want to have the [signet](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Signet) chain fully synced beforehand, so that you can just copy the signet directory into `/tmp/25-rc-test/` every time you run a test in a fresh environment.
```

Author: Sure, fixed.
Thanks
